[eagle screeching]
c0000001
-[FRIEREN] Flamme?
-[FLAMME] You mean, Master.
c0000002
Hm.
c0000003
[FLAMME]
What is it?
c0000004
Do you really think the way
you dealt with them was unfair?
c0000005
Frieren, do you remember
c0000006
Basalt's final words
before he perished?
c0000007
Why would I bother?
c0000008
Their kind only uses
words to deceive.
c0000009
Smart girl.
c0000010
They're nothing
more than monsters
c0000011
that can imitate
the human tongue.
c0000012
I call them demons.
c0000013
And take it from an expert,
they are all the same.
c0000014
They don't play fair,
so we have no choice
c0000015
but to take their lead
and deceive doubly so.
c0000016
If this could be the secret
to exterminating their species,
c0000017
then I will gladly embrace
the dishonor it entails.
c0000018
♪
c0000019
[LUGNER]
The bleeding won't stop.
c0000020
This is the end.
c0000021
It would seem your plan
has failed rather badly.
c0000022
Yes, perhaps.
c0000023
But Frieren won't
make it out unscathed.
c0000024
By this hour, I'm sure
c0000025
she and Lady Aura
have begun to clash.
c0000026
Decades ago,
we were forced to retreat
c0000027
by the party of heroes.
c0000028
But this time, she has
no heroes to hide behind.
c0000029
I do admit your ally
poses a threat to us,
c0000030
but her mana is no match
for My Lady's.
c0000031
If Frieren attacks her head-on,
c0000032
she'll most certainly
lose the fight.
c0000033
[FERN] In that case, I have
no doubt my mistress will win.
c0000034
She would never
directly engage a demon,
c0000035
especially not one
that's so powerful.
c0000036
She'll kill Aura
by tricking her.
c0000037
[LUGNER] Nonsense.
I know this mage.
c0000038
Frieren the Slayer
has never once fought us
c0000039
from the shadows.
c0000040
Why then do I feel
something is wrong?
c0000041
This girl's mana is weak,
c0000042
yet I was overwhelmed
c0000043
by the sheer number
of her rapid attacks.
c0000044
How was she able to execute
such powerful magic
c0000045
without exhausting her mana?
c0000046
Huh.
c0000047
I see. Is such a thing
even possible?
c0000048
So, Frieren does the same.
c0000049
Too afraid to fight fair.
c0000050
Both you and your teacher
are a disgrace
c0000051
to the title of mage.
c0000052
I assure you,
Mistress Frieren knows that
c0000053
-better than anyone else.
-[explosion]
c0000054
♪
c0000055
[FLAMME]
What horrors await today?
c0000056
This is an elven village.
c0000057
[fire roaring]
c0000058
Basalt the Throne,
c0000059
a general
of the Demon King's army.
c0000060
He must've led his forces here
to destroy this town.
c0000061
[fire roaring]
c0000062
Speak up, girl.
Was it you who killed him?
c0000063
You look near dead yourself.
c0000064
[fire roaring]
c0000065
♪
c0000066
[FLAMME] Good bit of mana
you have there.
c0000067
You must be powerful.
c0000068
You took them
head-on, didn't you?
c0000069
A brute in disguise.
That was a foolish mistake.
c0000070
I don't know why people
prefer an honest playing field.
c0000071
Run or hide,
or take them by surprise.
c0000072
You're working both safer
and smarter if you do.
c0000073
I can't understand the way
strong mages think.
c0000074
[FRIEREN]
Well, you should.
c0000075
Huh?
c0000076
[FRIEREN] You should understand
exactly how I think.
c0000077
[fire crackling]
c0000078
I'm certain...
c0000079
you are far more powerful
a mage than I.
c0000080
[chuckles]
c0000081
♪
c0000082
And what makes you say that?
c0000083
Call it a hunch.
c0000084
[FLAMME]
Interesting. Have a name?
c0000085
[crickets chirping]
c0000086
What happened to the village?
c0000087
Its people are dead.
c0000088
Not even the women
and children were spared.
c0000089
I couldn't save them.
c0000090
Being their strongest
didn't do me any good.
c0000091
Trying to save them
at all was silly.
c0000092
If it were me, one sight
of those monsters
c0000093
would've sent me for the hills.
c0000094
[FRIEREN]
Put me down.
c0000095
[FLAMME] No.
You have potential.
c0000096
You're going to be
my apprentice.
c0000097
Don't forget I saved your life.
c0000098
If I hadn't shown up,
you would be sharing
c0000099
a grave with that demon.
c0000100
You failed
to protect your village
c0000101
and nearly yourself.
c0000102
You would've died in vain,
c0000103
but luckily,
I was there to assist.
c0000104
-Behind us.
-Hm.
c0000105
These are stronger
than the general you killed.
c0000106
♪
c0000107
Fascinating creatures,
aren't they?
c0000108
They fully intended
to catch us off guard
c0000109
by concealing their mana
until just before they struck.
c0000110
But the moment
they realized we were mages,
c0000111
they waltzed out
into the open with grandeur.
c0000112
They are cunning,
and they never play fair,
c0000113
but every last one of them
has a ridiculous sense of pride
c0000114
when it comes to magic.
c0000115
[FEMALE DEMON 9A]
You may leave, human mage.
c0000116
Once you put down
the elf girl, that is.
c0000117
And you'll let me go free
if I do as you say?
c0000118
[FEMALE DEMON 9A]
"Massacre the elves. Now."
c0000119
Those were
the Demon King's orders.
c0000120
Your existence
matters not to me.
c0000121
How thoughtful.
c0000122
♪
c0000123
[FLAMME]
Frieren.
c0000124
You were right before.
c0000125
I'm painfully aware of how
a powerful mage thinks.
c0000126
Much like I'm aware
of how these creatures think.
c0000127
I know the absolute faith
they have in these magics
c0000128
they've poured their lives
into studying.
c0000129
In other words,
c0000130
I know they're an arrogant
and overconfident breed.
c0000131
[wind whooshing]
c0000132
♪
c0000133
[FLAMME]
Frieren.
c0000134
They lacked your perception
c0000135
and quickly judged me
a weakling.
c0000136
Though I admit
they were exceptional mages,
c0000137
their overconfidence
cost them their lives.
c0000138
By controlling
the release of your mana,
c0000139
you hid your strength, so they
didn't see you as a threat.
c0000140
That's right.
c0000141
I deceive and kill my enemies
c0000142
by allowing them
to miscalculate my power.
c0000143
It is a cowardly
and unfair way to fight
c0000144
that makes a mockery
of the art of magic itself.
c0000145
[birds chirping]
c0000146
[door creaking]
c0000147
c0000148
[paper rustling]
c0000149
[FLAMME] Your injuries
are looking much better.
c0000150
I'd say it's time
we begin your training.
c0000151
-[FRIEREN] Flamme?
-You mean, Master.
c0000152
[FRIEREN] The demons took all
that I've ever known from me.
c0000153
[FLAMME]
Me, too.
c0000154
I wish to eradicate
every last one.
c0000155
[FLAMME]
Me, too.
c0000156
But I love magic
and hold great respect for it.
c0000157
You and I are the same.
c0000158
Hm?
c0000159
[FLAMME] That's why we should
be the only ones
c0000160
who can make a mockery of it.
c0000161
Protect it through cowardice.
c0000162
[FRIEREN] What do you suppose
I should do to train?
c0000163
[FLAMME] Try limiting
the mana you release
c0000164
to one-tenth
of its typical volume.
c0000165
Impressive.
You're controlling it well.
c0000166
I imagine any elf could do
something so simple.
c0000167
While you do that, we'll spend
time on fundamentals.
c0000168
Work to raise
the base of your mana.
c0000169
Is that really all?
c0000170
Easy enough?
c0000171
Do I stop suppressing my mana
whenever I feel like it,
c0000172
or whenever you tell me to?
c0000173
It'll get tiring if I do
it for too long.
c0000174
You'll do it
for as long as I have.
c0000175
For life.
c0000176
If you can,
you'll fool demonkind
c0000177
for the rest of your days.
c0000178
♪
c0000179
I sense Lord Lugner is dead.
c0000180
Slaughtered like the rest
of your executioners.
c0000181
Do you see your failure, Aura?
c0000182
That I do.
'Tis a shame, indeed.
c0000183
However, if I defeat you
here and now,
c0000184
their sacrifice won't have
been for naught.
c0000185
At the beginning
of our skirmish,
c0000186
you made it your priority
to release
c0000187
as many immortal soldiers
from my control as you could.
c0000188
All that work cost you.
c0000189
Was it wise to expend
so much of your mana
c0000190
right in front of me?
c0000191
♪
c0000192
[FRIEREN]
The Scales of Obedience.
c0000193
When two souls are placed
opposite each other,
c0000194
whichever has more mana
forces the other to submit.
c0000195
Only someone with as much mana
as Aura could handle
c0000196
this sort of risky magic
so casually.
c0000197
Generally speaking,
a person's mana increases
c0000198
in proportion
to time spent training.
c0000199
I can feel it in the power
pouring off her.
c0000200
She's a great demon who has
lived for over 500 years
c0000201
and has spent the majority
of that time training.
c0000202
Five hundred years.
c0000203
That's fairly long-lived
for her kind.
c0000204
I doubt she's been
challenged before.
c0000205
I can tell that much
from the mana
c0000206
overflowing from her body.
c0000207
She has no tricks
up her sleeve,
c0000208
as demons don't conceal
their mana.
c0000209
They can't afford to.
c0000210
I pity you.
c0000211
♪
c0000212
Auserlese.
c0000213
[indistinct chatter]
c0000214
-[FRIEREN] Master?
-[FLAMME] Hm?
c0000215
[indistinct chatter]
c0000216
Demons are quite cunning
creatures, are they not?
c0000217
So why haven't they thought
to constantly suppress
c0000218
their mana like you do?
c0000219
[indistinct chatter]
c0000220
Hm. I'm sure they would
if they could.
c0000221
[indistinct chatter]
c0000222
Demons are individualists
by nature,
c0000223
but form
the frailest connections
c0000224
needed to stand a chance
against humankind.
c0000225
The barest society needs
what to function?
c0000226
Order, I suppose.
c0000227
[FLAMME]
That's right.
c0000228
Even an organization
of monsters
c0000229
needs someone
of importance to lead it.
c0000230
Humans need the same.
c0000231
Importance is determined
by status and wealth.
c0000232
In our world, those who have
both get to rule.
c0000233
Look at that
well-dressed fellow
c0000234
leaving the palace.
c0000235
He's clearly important.
c0000236
But humans have no innate way
of showing that.
c0000237
So for others to know
he's someone of note,
c0000238
he has to put on
the trappings of rank.
c0000239
So, demons are different then?
c0000240
[FLAMME] Despite their
performance of civilization,
c0000241
demons haven't changed
a bit since beasthood.
c0000242
Might makes right.
c0000243
Far more straightforward
than us humans.
c0000244
You can tell who's strong
by looking at them.
c0000245
Through their mana?
c0000246
Mana is everything
to their kind,
c0000247
much like status and wealth
are to ours.
c0000248
It's dignity itself.
c0000249
Now, there is a chance
they may temporarily
c0000250
suppress their mana
for the sake of stealth.
c0000251
But none are foolish enough
to forfeit their standing
c0000252
to constantly suppress
their power.
c0000253
It's the difference
between a noble
c0000254
sneaking out into town
in disguise,
c0000255
and that same noble
debasing themselves
c0000256
by abandoning
their station entirely.
c0000257
Demons know nothing of charity
and would never grant dignity
c0000258
to those with little mana.
c0000259
Their world
is a cold and cruel one.
c0000260
So, the stronger
an individual is,
c0000261
the more desperate
they are to show it off.
c0000262
Unlike us, for them
there's no benefit
c0000263
in constantly suppressing
their mana.
c0000264
The thought doesn't so much
as cross their minds.
c0000265
In a way, I pity them.
c0000266
Just as we are bound
by the places we live
c0000267
and the clothing we can afford,
demons are bound by mana.
c0000268
Magic is the very lifeblood
of their species,
c0000269
but for all their unrivaled
love for it,
c0000270
the poor fools can't even
control their mana.
c0000271
Frieren, you're very lucky
you aren't a demon.
c0000272
I know I am.
c0000273
I couldn't deceive them
if I were.
c0000274
♪
c0000275
[FLAMME] It's been three years
since you began
c0000276
suppressing your mana.
c0000277
I suppose I was right
about you after all.
c0000278
[wind whooshing]
c0000279
[FLAMME] You've grown
much better at that.
c0000280
Now tell me, you still
love magic, don't you?
c0000281
That was rather
out of the blue, Master.
c0000282
But yes, somewhat.
c0000283
Your confidence
has waned over time.
c0000284
Long ago, you told me you loved
the craft with fervor.
c0000285
[FRIEREN] It's only been
50 years since then.
c0000286
A smart girl.
c0000287
All this time,
and the only thing I've taught
c0000288
my apprentice to do is fight.
c0000289
Magic fit for revenge.
c0000290
Is that something you regret?
c0000291
Not a bit.
c0000292
No one's better suited
to hold onto the secrets
c0000293
of my magic than you.
c0000294
You're going to live
a long life.
c0000295
Perhaps someday
you'll become strong enough
c0000296
to defeat the Demon King.
c0000297
Frieren, I do have one request.
c0000298
[FRIEREN]
What is it?
c0000299
[FLAMME] All I ask
is that you plant flowers
c0000300
around my grave.
c0000301
[FRIEREN]
That doesn't seem like you.
c0000302
[FLAMME]
I know.
c0000303
Frieren.
c0000304
I have a spell that creates
a field of flowers.
c0000305
To tell you the truth,
it's actually my favorite one.
c0000306
My parents taught it to me
when I was a girl.
c0000307
It's what made me
fall in love with magic.
c0000308
Hm.
c0000309
Then I'd like you
to teach it to me.
c0000310
♪
c0000311
Listen to me, Frieren.
c0000312
You must never seek to leave
your mark on history.
c0000313
There's safety in obscurity.
c0000314
And once you've finally
defeated the Demon King,
c0000315
rest assured the whole world
shall know your name.
c0000316
♪
c0000317
[HIMMEL]
I've heard a seasoned mage
c0000318
lives somewhere in these woods.
c0000319
Is that mage you?
c0000320
Seasoned in the sense
I've been around, perhaps.
c0000321
But I've done precious little
with my years.
c0000322
[blows]
c0000323
I'm in no way exceptional.
c0000324
[EISEN]
Hm.
c0000325
What do you think, Heiter?
c0000326
Hm.
c0000327
I would say
she has approximately
c0000328
one fifth of the mana I do.
c0000329
Fairly middle of the road.
c0000330
Way to make a first impression.
c0000331
Now move along.
c0000332
You don't have business
with a mediocre mage, do you?
c0000333
No.
c0000334
But you're easily
the strongest mage
c0000335
I've ever laid eyes on.
c0000336
And what would
make you say that?
c0000337
Call it a hunch.
c0000338
♪
c0000339
[AURA]
Auserlese.
c0000340
♪
c0000341
[FRIEREN] You seem
awfully happy with yourself.
c0000342
Are you so certain
you'll win, Aura?
c0000343
We'll find out soon enough.
c0000344
[AURA]
Frieren the Slayer.
c0000345
It's been 80 years
since you made
c0000346
your first meaningful
appearance in this world.
c0000347
With the party of heroes,
you defeated the Demon King.
c0000348
It makes one wonder
just how long
c0000349
you've had to study your magic.
c0000350
Unfortunately for you,
c0000351
it matters not how many years
you've managed to survive.
c0000352
Your mana tells me everything
I need to know.
c0000353
I can see it clearly.
c0000354
There is no question
you're an exceptional mage,
c0000355
but your mana itself
is unimpressive.
c0000356
I would wager
you've had no more
c0000357
than a 100 years' training.
c0000358
Not only that,
it's been 80 years,
c0000359
and you haven't grown a bit.
c0000360
Were you honing other skills
c0000361
instead of increasing
your mana?
c0000362
Or were you piddling
your life away?
c0000363
Just as expected.
c0000364
You are absolutely
no match for me.
c0000365
♪
c0000366
-As you can see, I win.
-[thuds]
c0000367
I shall consider it an honor
c0000368
to sever the head
of the Slayer myself.
c0000369
♪
c0000370
[AURA] I'm shocked that
it wasn't even necessary
c0000371
to exhaust her mana.
c0000372
I needn't have been
so cautious.
c0000373
Though, she did defeat
a decent amount of my troops.
c0000374
I'll have
to replenish them later.
c0000375
Hm.
c0000376
What's this?
c0000377
The scales are starting
to tip in her direction.
c0000378
[FRIEREN] You're the one
who opted to gamble
c0000379
with my soul, Aura.
c0000380
To tell you the truth,
I would've been in real trouble
c0000381
if you had tried
to overwhelm me with numbers.
c0000382
I'm grateful
for your overconfidence
c0000383
when it comes to your mana.
c0000384
Now I can finally defeat you.
c0000385
Oh, can you now?
c0000386
You really should've
figured it out.
c0000387
I've been suppressing my mana.
c0000388
A grave miscalculation
on your part, Aura.
c0000389
Valiant last-ditch effort,
c0000390
but there's no chance that
could've escaped my notice.
c0000391
There wasn't a hint
of the instability
c0000392
or variation
in your mana output
c0000393
that comes with suppression.
c0000394
I'm surprised.
c0000395
Demons are capable of observing
mana with such accuracy?
c0000396
Seems my master was right
in her methods after all.
c0000397
I've spent the better part
of my life
c0000398
in a constant state
of suppression.
c0000399
It has become natural for me.
c0000400
You're dimmer than I thought.
c0000401
Why would you ever do
something so foolish?
c0000402
Foolish, yes. But powerful.
c0000403
It lets me defeat your kind.
c0000404
This is absurd.
c0000405
I'm a great demon who has lived
for over 500 years.
c0000406
Aura, the one standing
before you...
c0000407
♪
c0000408
...is a great mage who's lived
for over a 1,000.
c0000409
♪
c0000410
[scale squeaking]
c0000411
[FLAMME]
Frieren?
c0000412
Just as demons deceive
mankind with their words,
c0000413
you must deceive them
with your mana.
c0000414
Aura. Kill yourself.
c0000415
[scale clanking]
c0000416
[whimpering]
c0000417
[grunts]
c0000418
This can't be.
c0000419
No.
c0000420
How could I ever...
c0000421
[thuds]
c0000422
[HEITER] Do you have someone
to praise you?
c0000423
-[FERN] I understand.
-[STARK] Oh, wow.
c0000424
[FRIEREN]
What do you mean?
c0000425
[FERN] That would
sell as an antique.
c0000426
[FRIEREN] Such are the winters
of the northern lands.